they have a point in common
We flew with a simple image recipe although the fia hugo ayala
prepared on another occasion this time we are going to make it exclusively from prawns
specifically of tarragona ranges depending on the size
they have a price or other these that are rather small cost about 17
euros per kilo so for about 10 euros you can eat 4 an excellent range what
first thing we are going to do is remove the mask and peel them and how they are fresh
This is very easy and we will also remove the candle they have in the
interior that is nothing other than the digestive system and that gives it a flavor
something unpleasant
p
ect with the heads and the skins we are going to prepare the broth we were going to add a pair
of cloves of garlic a laurel leaf a good pinch of salt and especially
depends on the VAT
we add the water and therefore to the top
while we are going to apply the garlic
yes
and we put it april with a drizzle of olive oil and add also if
we want it spicy a chicken
Dec
When the heat breaks down to boil Perez that releases a lot of foam
remove
then you are 20 minutes
I tried 'salt' and it will be ready otherwise we will see the tomato
p
and if you do not want to note you can remove the vegetation water because
so it always looks better
these three masters use a colander and discover from the tomato there are those who also
he takes away the seeds I think it is not necessary when the employer or color
we add and suffer until it gets a little dark
and it's time to bet the noodles it will be a couple of minutes
and you can add the obviously strained broth if you use this
Obese kid you will need twice as much broth as noodles if
you use him the fine
the same amount will be enough
p
when mayor is about to be consumed at all we add the ladies
since in a minute two are ready
we stop being knowledgeable about everything
the likes or carral
it was the fire at the end and it's ready I hope you liked the
arm until then